Adding proxy vote named danggo (#21)
helium/helium-vote-proxies: proxies/danggo/detail.md

# danggo

@danggo on Discord

## Experience

In Helium since 2020 with a comprehensive understanding of the project and its tokenomics. Gave up the mentor-role in 2023 and reduced active engagement in Discord due to time constraints - but have continued to passively keep close tabs on developments.

## Voting Philosophy

HRPs bundle several items and are put to vote as a package

> <br>_Goal: weighing each item w/o losing sight of the package to determine which vote decision will better serve the Helium Network_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HRPs bundle several items and are put to vote as a package. I intend to weigh each item w/o losing sight of the package to determine which vote decision will better serve the Helium Network.
```

> Helium Network = IOT + MOBILE -> both compete for the HNT cake
> <br>_Goal: balancing the reasonable interests of both subnetworks in pursuit of determining what will serve the network as a whole_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helium Network = IOT + MOBILE -> both compete for the HNT cake. The goal is balancing the reasonable interests of both subnetworks in pursuit of determining what will serve the network as a whole.
```
